---
description: This information helps you use the iOS SDK with Adobe Analytics.
seo-description: This information helps you use the iOS SDK with Adobe Analytics.
seo-title: Analytics overview
solution: Marketing Cloud,Analytics
title: Analytics overview
topic: Developer and implementation
uuid: 8c7fb76a-be0b-4465-8151-ece7bad11b55
---

# Analytics overview {#analytics}

The information in this section helps you use the iOS SDK with Adobe Analytics.

## Generating Analytics tracking identifiers

In the SDKs, identifiers are used to track users, and here is the hierarchy of identifiers:

1. Custom Visitor Identifier (VID)
2. Analytics Tracking Identifier (AID)
3. Experience Cloud Identifier (MID)

>[!TIP]
>
>The correct acronym for Experience Cloud Identifier is ECID. Although the SDKs still use MID, it is the old name.
The AID, which is also sometimes referred to as the Tracking Identifier, is generated by the SDK when the app is not configured to use an MID. The value persists between launches and app upgrades in `NSUserDefaults`. If the user deletes the app from their device and then re-installs the app, or if the app developer clears out `NSUserDefaults`, a new identifier is generated by the SDK. This process results in a new user in Analytics reporting.

For users in an app that introduces Identity service support (MID), existing AID values are sent with Analytics hits, and the Analytics hit contains an AID and an MID. For new users in an app with Identity service support, the Analytics requests contain only an MID. For more information about identifying visitors, see [Identify visitors](https://docs.adobe.com/content/help/en/analytics/export/analytics-data-feed/data-feed-contents/datafeeds-visid.html).

## Additional information

* [Track app states](/help/ios/analytics-main/states.md)
* [Track app actions](/help/ios/analytics-main/actions.md)
* [Track app crashes](/help/ios/analytics-main/crashes.md)
* [Timed actions](/help/ios/analytics-main/timed-actions.md)
* [Visitor lifetime value](/help/ios/analytics-main/lifetime-value.md)
* [Products variable](/help/ios/analytics-main/products/products.md)
* [Products variable with merchandising eVars and product-specific events](/help/ios/analytics-main/products/products-variable-evars-events.md)
* [Event serialization](/help/ios/analytics-main/event-serialization.md)
* [Video Analytics](/help/ios/analytics-main/video-qs.md)
* [Postbacks](/help/ios/analytics-main/postback/postback.md)
* [Postback example](/help/ios/analytics-main/postback/postback-example.md)
* [PII postbacks](/help/ios/analytics-main/postback/postback-example.md)
* [Analytics methods](/help/ios/analytics-main/analytics-methods.md)
