---
description: Acquisition links with unique tracking codes can be generated in Adobe Mobile services. When a user downloads and runs an app from the Apple App Store after clicking on the generated link, the SDK automatically collects and sends the acquisition data to Adobe Mobile services.
seo-description: Acquisition links with unique tracking codes can be generated in Adobe Mobile services. When a user downloads and runs an app from the Apple App Store after clicking on the generated link, the SDK automatically collects and sends the acquisition data to Adobe Mobile services.
seo-title: Mobile App Acquisition
solution: Marketing Cloud,Analytics
title: Mobile App Acquisition
topic: Developer and implementation
uuid: 5fece619-e4b8-4d06-9250-dcb66fa32ce0
---

# Mobile app acquisition {#mobile-app-acquisition}

Acquisition links with unique tracking codes can be generated in Adobe Mobile services. When a user downloads and runs an app from the Apple App Store after clicking on the generated link, the SDK automatically collects and sends the acquisition data to Adobe Mobile services.

## New Adobe Experience Cloud SDK Release

Looking for information and documentation related to the Adobe Experience Platform Mobile SDK? Click [here](https://aep-sdks.gitbook.io/docs/) for our latest documentation.

As of September 2018, we released a new, major version of the SDK. These new Adobe Experience Platform Mobile SDKs are configurable through [Experience Platform Launch](https://www.adobe.com/experience-platform/launch.html).

* To get started, go to [Launch](https://launch.adobe.com/).
* To see what is in the Experience Platform SDK repositories, go to [Github: Adobe Experience Platform SDKs](https://github.com/Adobe-Marketing-Cloud/acp-sdks).

>[!IMPORTANT]
>
> If you are using the Adobe Experience Platform Mobile SDKs with Adobe Launch, you **must** also install the Adobe Analytics Mobile Services extension to use Adobe Mobile Services features such as Acquisition links. For more information see [Adobe Analytics - Mobile Services](https://aep-sdks.gitbook.io/docs/using-mobile-extensions/adobe-analytics-mobile-services). For more information about using Acquisition and marketing links with the Experience Cloud SDKs, see [Acquisition and marketing links](https://aep-sdks.gitbook.io/docs/using-mobile-extensions/adobe-analytics-mobile-services#acquisition-and-marketing-links).

 To use Acquisition, you **must** have SDK version 4.1 or later.

Acquisition links must be created in Adobe Mobile services. For more information, see [Acquisition](/help/using/acquisition-main/acquisition-main.md).

The information in this section allow the SDK to send acquisition data from an acquisition link.

## Tracking mobile app acquisition {#section_CEA30C652AC8470784B8054E299B80FA}

1. Add the library to your project and implement lifecycle.

    For more information, see *Add the SDK and Config File to your Project* in [Core Implementation and Lifecycle](/help/ios/getting-started/dev-qs.md). 
1. Import the library: 

   ```objective-c
   #import "ADBMobile.h"
   ```

1. Verify that `ADBMobileConfig.json` contains the required acquisition settings: 

   ```xml
   "acquisition": { 
      "server": "c00.adobe.com", 
      "appid": "0652024f-adcd-49f9-9bd7-2552a4565d2f" 
   }, 
   "analytics": { 
     "referrerTimeout": 5, 
     ...
   ```

   >[!IMPORTANT]
   >
   >If you are sending data to multiple report suites, use the acquisition settings (acquisition server and appid) from the app that is associated with the first report suite in your list of report suite IDs.

   The `acquisition` settings are generated by Adobe Mobile services and should not be changed. For more information about how to download a customized `ADBMobileConfig.json` file with the `acquisition` settings pre-configured, see [Before You Start](/help/ios/getting-started/requirements.md).

After these settings are enabled, acquisition data is sent automatically with the initial lifecycle call after the initial launch of the app.

>[!CAUTION]
>
>`referrerTimeout` must be set to a value higher than 0 to enable app acquisition.

